well howdy there Internet people its
bubble gun so today we're going to talk
about operators because there's a whole
lot of public gatherings going on right
now and in every crowd there is somebody
dressed up like an operator who clearly
isn't there is some tacticool guy out
there sporting his play carrier in his
Oakley's and man he's got it and I get
it I get the desire to emulate mimic
those top tier high speed guys I get it
do I do
I know a lot of them they are impressive
individuals but they're not impressive
because they can clear a room
a lot of people can clear a room they're
not impressive because of how they dress
I want you to think back to the bios of
those people who have had movies made
about who've written books the people
that actually embody that high speed
those top tier guys how many languages
did they speak what were their degrees
plural in these are not willfully
ignorant people they are not factually
challenged real warriors are educated
they go out of their way to become
educated in things other than their
primary profession their entire job is
risky why do they train so much why
don't they were hearse things why do
they do that why do they spend so much
time so much of their lives practicing
it's to mitigate risk these guys don't
go off a hunches it's to mitigate risk
it's what they do because well I know
that in the u.s. we focus on one aspect
of it but when they kick in a door
ninety percent of the time the end goal
is to save lives yeah in a lot of
situations they're gonna take a few on
the way but the strategic goal of what
they're doing is to save lives and they
mitigate risk at every possible
opportunity there's no way that one
person can know everything right so what
do they do they trust subject matter
experts they listen to those people who
spent their lives in that field they
don't listen to talking points
they don't listen to propaganda now when
it comes to the mission they listen to
the experts I'm starting to think the
world would have been better served had
Fauci come out wearing a plate carrier
would have been able to get the
attention of those that need some help
those who are right now undermining the
mission if you were to take one of those
high speed top tier operators right now
and send them to one of these public
gatherings and give them a choice we're
out one of these
or wearing one of these what do you
think they take they can only have one
I'm willing to bet an overwhelming
majority would take the mask because
they're about mitigating risk they're
also not whiny generally speaking guys
they're really not they don't complain
much hanging out at home isn't a real
big sacrifice to be asked to make and I
know there's this idea that maybe it's
all blown out of proportion
maybe the experts are wrong and the guy
who reads the teleprompter on Fox is
right fine let's entertain that idea for
a second that's not the case we're
already over 40,000 and I know people
are saying well that's that's just
that's like a flu you know that's like a
yearly yeah except it was in a month
with the country shut down this has
saved thousands of lives
fact and you're undermining it you want
to get back to to normal everybody does
everybody does nobody wants to be stuck
at home while very few of us but we have
to finish the mission first and every
one of these little gatherings so you
can stand out there and wave your flag
and cry and whine undermines
because you're not taking the
precautions you should it's a stunt it's
a political show encouraged by people
who are worried about themselves and not
worried about you
tens of thousands in this short period
of time are gone
how many would that be had we just
stayed open and I know there's some
people talk to her demun 'ti we're
working towards her herd immunity I
access all government official from
another country say that that's what
they were trying to achieve that's
fantastic
that makes sense except for the fact
that now we realize you can get it again
this isn't the chickenpox and there's no
evidence whatsoever to suggest how
effective those antibodies are no
evidence
you think those top-tier high-speed
operators that you want to emulate do
you think they go off a hunches in a
real life no they don't they know the
number of feet between the power line in
the building they don't go off of
hunches
they don't just wing it they plant and
they're educated I have no problem with
people wanting to emulate those guys
like I said I know a lot of them they
are people worthy of emulating in a lot
of ways but if you just focus on the one
side of it you're missing what makes
them impressive
they are educated they take their time
to learn about things and they stay
forever curious because it's gonna save
their life it's gonna save life or their
teammate
knowledge is power education is power
right now that plate carrier especially
given the Pegman a lot of them are like
line guys real life if yours folds like
that because you don't have the plate in
it it's basically a sweater vest these
things hard Kevlar it's an Iowa
that's that sad I mean it looks cool and
all but it provides no protection
whatsoever and this would provide more
protection stay at home wash your hands
don't touch your face if you have to go
out for essentials not to cry and whine
wear a mask
participate you're right there shouldn't
have to be government orders telling you
to do this because we should have a
population of people who strive to be
educated who listen to subject matter
experts you're right shouldn't have to
have an order but not because you want
to go to baskin-robbins but because you
know enough to stay home on your own
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day